c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe.config
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.pdb
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.g.resources
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.exe
c:\users\patryk.rutkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.baml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.baml
I:\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe.config
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.exe
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.pdb
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.g.cs
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.g.cs
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.cache
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.lref
I:\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe
I:\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.pdb
I:\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
I:\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.baml
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.baml
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.g.resources
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.Properties.Resources.resources
I:\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe.config
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.exe
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.baml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.baml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.g.resources
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Database.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Database.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Data.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Extensions.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Extensions.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Models.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe.config
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.exe
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Data.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Database.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Extensions.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Database.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Extensions.pdb
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.baml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.baml
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.g.resources
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\WorkshopServices.dll
C:\Users\patryk.rutkowski\Desktop\Workshop2\Workshop\bin\Debug\WorkshopServices.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe.config
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.exe
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Workshop.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Data.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Database.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Extensions.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\WorkshopServices.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Database.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Extensions.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\WorkshopServices.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\AddRepair.baml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\RepairHistory.baml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.g.resources
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.exe
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\Workshop.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.PubSubEvents.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\Desktop\workshop\workshop\Workshop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
